My fillPuzzle function uses the helper method Solve to recursively by solving the board row by row checking along the way if the letter to be added would be either proper word or prefix for that row and column depending on where in the board the program is trying to find a letter for. I setup the rowStr and colStr arrays along with the rowLastMinusPos and the colLastMinusPos arrays inside the fillPuzzle function using a for loop to create a new StringBuilder for the rowStr and colStr arrays and setting the value to -1 for each value of the rowLastMinusPos and colLastMinusPos. 

## Issues

Throughout coding my project I ran into quite a few different issues throughout working on my project. One of the first issues I came across was just me simply forgetting to revert a letter I put into a cell in the board before back tracking to the previous cell which I fixed by simply overwriting the cell with the value of what is in that cell on the empty board that is passed into the function. Another issue I came across was when I implemented the code to work with filling the board with minuses, originally I was checking the words the same way I was checking an empty board or a board with letters but in doing that my code would not check to see if the string right before a minus was a word and would assume it had to be whatever it had to be a prefix for example if it was somewhere not at the end of the row or column. I fixed this issue by adding new sets of if statements that would check if the value in the next row or column in the empty board was a minus and if it was would change the next check to be for a word for either the row, column or both.

## Runtime of Programs on Files
|   File   |CrosswordTest|Fill Puzzle|Check Puzzle|File|CrosswordTest|Fill Puzzle|Check Puzzle|
|----------|-------------|-----------|------------|----------|-------------|-----------|------------|
|test3a.txt| .7s|.7s|>1s|test6a.txt|*30 mins| *30mins| *>1s|
|test3b.txt|8.3s|8.3s|>1s|test6b.txt|*1hr | *1h| *>1s|
|test4a.txt|19s|17s|>1s|test6c.txt.|*1hr| *8h| *>1s|
|test4b.txt|37s|37s|>1s|test7a.txt| *2h| *8h| *>1s|
|test4c.txt|.4s|.4s|>1s|test8a.txt| *8h| *8h| *>1s|
|test4d.txt|.6s| .6s|>1s|test8b.txt| *8h| *8h| *>1s|
|test4e.txt|*20 mins| *20mins| *>1s|test8c.txt| *8hs|| *>1s|
|test4f.txt|34s|>1s||||||
|test5a.txt|17s|>1s||||||
*could not to run in a reasonable about of time on my machine.
## Asymtopic Analysis
Overall many things can affect the runtime of this program such as increasing the number of words that are in the dictionary, the size of the words in the board, the number of possible values to put in a spot on the board. Since 'searchPrefix' loops through the words in the dictionary until it either reaches the end of the dictionary or until it hits the end of the dictionary, a dictionary of size N would in the worst case take O(N) time to return a value with the runtime for it going down as more letters are added to the StringBuilder as the there would be less possible words in the dictionary as there is more of a possiblity of the string being a word in the dictionary. The size of the board also affects the runtime of the code. Since a board with no '-' would have 26 possible options for each each of its N cells in a row the runtime in its worse case would be O(26*N^2) the runtime would decrease a lot as the the board has cells with prefilled letter and minus as the it would have less possible options for those cells. 